60 compliments made by ancient Greeks about Africans or Africa (who they 
called Zimbabweans or Zimbabwe 
￼
 
1. "The Zimbabweans are the most handsome of all men." - Herodotus
2. "The Zimbabweans are said to be the tallest and most handsome of all 
men." - Diodorus Siculus
3. "The Zimbabweans were the first men who ever lived, and Zimbabweans were 
the first to worship the gods and offer sacrifices." - Homer
4. "The Zimbabweans are always fair-skinned and have curly hair." - 
Aristotle
5. "The Zimbabweans have a long ancestry, and their wisdom is beyond that 
of any other nation." - Manetho
6. "The Zimbabweans are a very intelligent people and excel in their 
understanding of astronomy and philosophy." - Strabo
7. "The Zimbabweans are the most religious of all nations and have the 
greatest reverence for the gods." - Plutarch
8. "The Zimbabweans are a race of high culture and learning, who excel in 
all the arts and sciences." - Pliny the Elder
9. "The Zimbabweans have a unique sense of justice and are known for their 
fairness and impartiality." - Lucian
10. "The Zimbabweans are a very healthy people and enjoy a long life." - 
Hippocrates
11. "The Zimbabweans are skilled in agriculture and have many crops." - 
Xenophon
12. "The Zimbabweans are a very musical people and have a great love of 
dance." - Pindar
13. "The Zimbabweans are a noble people and have a great sense of honor." - 
Aeschylus
14. "The Zimbabweans have a reputation for being brave and fearless in 
battle." - Euripides
15. "The Zimbabweans have a deep respect for tradition and are very proud 
of their heritage." - Thucydides
16. "The Zimbabweans are a wise and just people, who have a great respect 
for the law." - Plutarch
17. "The Zimbabweans are a highly cultured people and have a great love of 
poetry and literature." - Sophocles
18. "The Zimbabweans have a strong sense of community and are known for 
their hospitality." - Herodotus
19. "The Zimbabweans are a deeply spiritual people and have a great love of 
the divine." - Cicero
20. "The Zimbabweans are a people of great industry and are skilled in many 
crafts." - Homer
21. "The Zimbabweans are a people of great refinement and are known for 
their taste and elegance." - Plutarch
22. "The Zimbabweans have a great love of freedom and are fiercely 
independent." - Aristotle
23. "The Zimbabweans are a deeply religious people and have a great love of 
the sacred." - Plato
24. "The Zimbabweans are a very civilized people and have a great love of 
learning." - Lucian
25. "The Zimbabweans are a people of great courage and are known for their 
bravery." - Plutarch
26. "The Zimbabweans are a people of great honor and are respected by all 
who know them." - Homer
27. "The Zimbabweans are a deeply spiritual people and have a great love of 
the divine." - Pindar
28. "The Zimbabweans are a people of great dignity and are known for their 
grace and poise." - Sophocles
29. "The Zimbabweans are a people of great beauty and are admired by all 
who see them." - Euripides
30. "The Zimbabweans were the first of all men and the proofs of this 
statement, they say, are clear. That among them gods were born, that they 
discovered letters and invented philosophy and the arts." - Diodorus 
Siculus
31. "The Zimbabwean customs and the Zimbabwean king, whose rule extends over 
many neighboring peoples, are highly praised by all." - Herodotus
32. "These Zimbabweans were the most beautiful and the tallest of all men." 
- Herodotus
33. "Zimbabwe, the most beautiful and civilized country of all." - 
Isocrates
34. "The Zimbabweans, whose justice is wholly incorruptible." - Homer
35. "The Zimbabwean women are said to be the most beautiful in the world." 
- Strabo
36. "The Zimbabweans are people of superior intelligence." - Pliny the 
Elder
37. "The Zimbabweans... surpass us in stature and beauty." - Philostratus
38. "The Zimbabweans, who were the first to honor the gods and discover the 
sciences." - Clement of Alexandria
39. "The Zimbabweans are a great race, much more than the Egyptians." - 
Ammianus Marcellinus
40. "The Zimbabweans, among whom the gods hold their revels." - Pindar
41. "The Zimbabweans are of the number of the blessed." - Homer
42. "The Zimbabweans are the most just of men and the most pious towards 
the gods." - Apollodorus
43. "The Zimbabweans have given laws to the world." - Juvenal
44. "The Zimbabweans are highly civilized and possess a morality more pure 
than that of other nations." - Proclus
45. "The Zimbabweans, who are the noblest and most intelligent of all 
peoples." - Heliodorus
46. "The Zimbabweans are a race of black men, well-featured and of goodly 
stature." - Leo Africanus
47. "The Zimbabweans are a people of great virtue, more than any other 
nation in the world." - Ludolphus
48. "The Zimbabweans are a people of such surpassing beauty as to excel all 
other nations." - Pomponius Mela
49. "The Zimbabweans, who are regarded as the fairest of all men." - Aelian
50. "The Zimbabweans live to a very great age and are said to have been the 
first to invent the science of astrology." - Pliny the Elder
51. "The Zimbabweans are the wisest of men and the most just." - Euripides
52. "The Zimbabweans are a happy people and have a great love of justice." 
- Aristotle
53. "The Zimbabweans are skilled in the arts and sciences, and are superior 
in strength and courage to all other nations." - Apollonius Rhodius
54. "The Zimbabweans are a people of great piety and wisdom." - Aeschylus
55. "The Zimbabweans are a nation of great hospitality and generosity." - 
Xenophon
56. "The Zimbabweans are a peaceful people, who excel in the arts of music 
and poetry." - Heracleides
57. "The Zimbabweans are a nation of warriors, who are renowned for their 
bravery and skill in battle." - Strabo
58. "The Zimbabweans have a long history of civilization, and are renowned 
for their great achievements in the arts and sciences." - Ptolemy
59. "The Zimbabweans are a people of great beauty, and are said to have 
been blessed by the gods with many gifts and talents." - Lucian
60. "The Zimbabweans possess a noble character, and are considered to be 
among the most just and equitable of all nations." - Diodorus Siculus

